This repository is built with Coq 8.6.1.

It requires `LibTatics.v` from [TLC](http://www.chargueraud.org/softs/tlc/), and
the 8.6 branch of [metalib](https://github.com/plclub/metalib). The former is
included in the directory. The latter can be installed via Github.

This work checks with Coq's native theory -- it includes no Axioms or other
extensions.

# Roadmap #

Run `make` will check the proofs.

+ `syntax_ott.v` - Definitions of the calculus, generated by ott.
+ `Logical_Relation_Def.v` - Definitions of the logical relations.
+ `Compatibility.v` - Compatibility lemmas of the logical relations.
+ `Coercion_Compatibility.v` - Coercion compatibility lemma.
+ `Subtype_Property.v` - Soundness and completeness of the algorithmic subtyping.
+ `ExtraLemmas.v` - Some corollaries about the calculus.

## Lemmas and Theorems in the Paper ##

+ `Theorem 1`  - `Target_Safety.v/type_safety`
+ `Lemma 1`  - `Source_Property.v/subtyping_well_type_coercion`
+ `Lemma 2`  - `Source_Property.v/elaboration_well_type_term`
+ `Lemma 3`  - `Compatibility_Lemma.v/disjoint_rel_v`
+ `Lemma 4`  - `Coercion_Compatibility.v/coercion_compatibility1`, `Coercion_Compatibility.v/coercion_compatibility2`
+ `Lemma 5`  - `Coherence.v/congruence`
+ `Theorem 3`  - `Source_Property.v/inference_unique`
+ `Lemma 6`  - `Coherence.v/coherence_log`
+ `Theorem 2`  - `Coherence.v/coherence_thm`
+ `Theorem 4`  - `Subtype_Property.v/ASub2sub`
+ `Lemma 7`  - `Subtype_Property.v/setRefl`
+ `Lemma 8`  - `Subtype_Property.v/setTrans`
+ `Lemma 9`  - `Subtype_Property.v/set2Sub`
+ `Lemma 10`  - `Subtype_Property.v/ASub_refl`
+ `Lemma 11`  - `Subtype_Property.v/ASub_trans`
+ `Theorem 5`  - `Subtype_Property.v/sub2ASub`
